[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
Reuniting after their training,
Luffy and his crew continue
on to the New World.
The first stop
is Fishman Island,
where they find themselves
pulled into a civil war.
After meeting with Jimbei,
they learn of the events
that led to their battle
with the New Fishman Pirates.
They also learn of Queen
Otohime, who despite opposition,
fought for understanding
between humans and Fishmen.
Be careful, Mother!
Don't go, Mother!
Queen Otohime!
I don't get it.
Where is she going?
[NEPTUNE]
My queen...
Trust in me.
Have faith in the
woman you married--
and the humans.
Goodbye, Mother!
I will miss you!
[MERMAID A]
Come home safe!
[CROWD] Your Majesty!
Please be careful up there!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I love you, Mother!
[LUFFY]
"A Sudden Tragedy!
A Gunshot Shuts
Down the Future!"
[JIMBEI]
Queen Otohime's voyage would
determine the fate of
Fishman Island and its people.
Of course, the uncertainty
weighed heavily
upon our shoulders.
But... for her family,
it was even worse I'm sure.
[JIMBEI]
Her children were restless,
awaiting news
of her safe return.
In this, the island was united.
Whether we were
royalty or commoners,
all we could do was
pray for our queen.
What? A magic box?
Yep, in the palace.
It's called the
"Tamate Box" to be exact.
And it has the power to make
you suddenly grow older?
Yep! Well, that's what
they say at least!
So that means if a kiddo
like the princess opened it,
then bam! She'd be a full-grown
sexy babe, lickity-split?
That would be the idea, sir.
Problem solved!
That is just what I need!
Now I can get
married to Shirahoshi
right away and
it won't be creepy!
Or so I suspect.
Now!
Go and steal that magic box
thing and steal it quick!
No, wait.
That gate at the palace
is gonna stop us for sure, huh?
I say you just marry her first
and work out the details later.
Yeah, everybody
knows you're a creep.
[yelps]
Now, there's an idea!
Shirahoshi is pretty
cute already.
Even if the box thing
doesn't work out,
if I give it ten years
or so, she'll be a knockout.
Yeah, but she's gonna
get even bigger, ya know.
Hey, different strokes
for different folks, buddy.
I happen to like
big women just fine!
Not to mention,
she can control the Sea Kings,
so her powers are big, too--
as big as my ambitions!
She just needs the
right man in her life,
and we'll have the whole world
in the palm of our hands!
That means money,
money, money, money!
I'm telling you,
it's my destiny!
The dream of every Decken
since the beginning of time! Ah!
Now, let's get
started on writing
those wedding
invitations, shall we?
[DECKEN LACKEYS] You have
to propose to her first!
Wait, I don't have any friends.
[JIMBEI] Days passed
with no word from the queen.
The hearts of her
people grew heavy.
[FISHMAN AA] I really
miss hearing her speeches.
[MERMAID A] Please return
safely, Queen Otohime.
Boss, what's wrong?
Why isn't she back?
You think somethin'
bad happened?
Keep the faith.
She is fighting to protect
your future, children--
this island's future.
[JIMBEI] Our hearts are
with you, Your Majesty.
Please come home.
[NEPTUNE]
Worry not, my children.
Your mother is
a strong and wise woman.
[JIMBEI] Although it was but a
week, it felt like an eternity.
[JIMBEI]
Then, at long last...
Finally!
[ALL panting]
[CROWD murmuring]
[FISHMAN D, FISHMAN E gasp]
She's back! Your Majesty!
[giggles]
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Oh! I was so worried!
I'm not crying, I just
have something in my eye.
[FISHMAN BB]
Welcome home!
[FISHMAN G]
Your Majesty!
[JIMBEI] After several
days of negotiations,
Queen Otohime was able
to quell the fury of
the Celestial Dragons.
And perhaps more importantly,
she brought a piece
of paper back with her
that would prove a beacon
of hope to our entire island.
In truth, it was
a greater miracle
than any of us
could have imagined.
[OTOHIME] Everyone, despite
our troubled history with them,
the Celestial Dragons
are very influential.
And by meeting with them,
I have been able
to bridge a gap.
We may attend the
World Summit yet!
Listen to what they've written.
"To improve humankind's
relationship with Fishmen,
we give this petition,
written by their queen,
our full endorsement."
In other words, if we can fill
my petition with signatures
the world leaders
at the Summit will have
no choice but to recognize
our right to be there,
and furthermore, our right to
be a part of the surface world.
Finally, we will see our dream.
I have mixed feelings
about getting support
from those guys.
I'm still not sure.
And now, it's in your hands.
We still need more signatures.
I have found the way, but this
is a path we must walk together.
Please, let your cry
for freedom be heard.
Only then can we live above
among our human friends!
[gasps]
We've come so far.
Please, your signatures
can change our future!
[CHILDREN giggle]
Thank you, but don't
get my hopes up...
...if you're just going
to change your mind again.
[FISHGIRL A] We won't! My mom
said she's gonna sign, too!
[OTOHIME gasps]
[CROWD chattering]
No offense, Majesty,
but I think you're going
to need a much bigger box.
And you'd better hurry
'cause the whole country's
gonna be lining up!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Don't worry, Your Highness,
I had a feeling
this might happen!
Those of you who
support our queen,
put your signatures
in here, please!
[wails]
[JIMBEI]
There's only so much we can do
by ignoring our prejudice.
We need someone like her
to take a step forward.
We can denounce hate,
but to instill hope
is a far greater gift.
This is our future given life,
sooner than we ever imagined.
She can transform this island
more than a life
of fighting ever could.
[JIMBEI] I wish that
Arlong understood that.
To save him from hatred.
I wonder...
...what will he
think of our future?
I wish Tiger were here.
Surely this would
have warmed his heart.
[MANBOSHI]
Mother!
Signatures keep pouring
in from all over the country!
Things seem to be
progressing well.
[OTOHIME]
It's a dream come true.
Yeah, and your courage
made it come true!
Well, I... did feel
some inspiration.
I felt as if a new road
had been paved for the future
of our people when
that miracle happened.
[FUKABOSHI]
Miracle?
[OTOHIME]
Yes.
What else could you call the
appearance of those Sea Kings?
That was nuts!
Think they like us?
No. Shirahoshi called them here.
[GROUP gasps]
I don't think it's so strange.
After all, we can
speak to fish, can't we?
That's part of what
it means to be Merfolk.
And yet, whenever
we try to communicate
with the great Sea Kings,
for whatever reason,
our words fall on deaf ears.
No one on Fishman Island
can speak to whales
except for your father.
But the Sea Kings, well,
they're beyond even him.
They say, in a legend
passed down by our family,
that every few hundred years
a mermaid will be born
into the royal house
with a fearsome power
that no one else on
the island possesses.
[FUKABOSHI]
The power to talk to Sea Kings?
[MANBOSHI]
And Shirahoshi is the one?
[OTOHIME]
I believe she is.
And according to
the rest of the legend,
she will meet someone
who will guide both her
and her power in a direction
that will change the world.
I can't wait to see.
Oh, wow!
Of course, if the
world does change
then that will likely mean
a change to this island as well.
Yeah?
You think it'll help with the
World Summit thing you're doing?
Perhaps...
...for if it is used with love,
her power could save
thousands of lives.
That is my hope.
But who can say?
It may be darkness that
will rule her heart instead.
In that case, her power
could sink the world.
Of course, Shirahoshi
is just a child.
I'm sure she has
no such intentions.
But because she is a child
she has yet to understand her
power and cannot control it.
If something traumatic
were to happen to her,
she could unwittingly cause
the Sea Kings to go berserk
and in great numbers.
[MANBOSHI]
What?!
Then our whole island would be
smashed into itty-bitty bits!
What the heck should we do?
Don't worry.
You can count on me to take
care of her for the time being.
Although one of these days,
the three of you
must become warriors,
brave and true.
Then, as warriors,
and brothers alike,
use your strength to protect
your sister no matter what.
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI]
Yeah!
But of course!
Thank you.
[JIMBEI]
But even as they made that vow,
they could not have
expected what would come next.
[JIMBEI]
Signatures for the petition
were mounting at a rapid pace.
The islanders were still
distrustful of humans,
but they longed
to see the beginning
of a new era all the same.
[FISHBOY E]
Hey, Queen Otohime!
We signed papers again
so you can have more!
That's against the rules!
Each person can
only vote one time!
[BOTH]
We're sorry.
It's okay.
Even if I can't accept them,
it's the thought
that counts, right?
Thank you. I mean it.
It seems her persistence
is finally paying off.
[gasps]
[FISHMAN CC]
Get away! Fire! Fire!
Are we under attack?
What's goin' on?
Water! Get water!
[AMMO KNIGHT AA]
Quick! Put it out!
Who would do such a thing?
We'll lose all of the
signatures at this rate!
Hurry, run away!
Wait! Your Highness, no!
It's not too late!
Save whatever you can!
You can't do this!
It's too dangerous!
I didn't make it this far
just to lie down and give up!
Be careful!
I will protect them
to my last breath!
These aren't just papers!
This is our future!
We can't let the future of
our island go up in flames!
Yes, ma'am!
Save any papers you can!
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Sir!
Retreat to safety.
You can count on us!
[gunshot]
[ALL screaming]
[AMMO KNIGHT BB]
Queen Otohime has been shot!
Someone find the shooter!
Don't let the culprit
escape! We'll help!
Guard the royal family!
Mother, no!
[RYUBOSHI, MANBOSHI]
Mother!
[AMMO KNIGHT D]
It's too dangerous here!
Get on the gondola and quickly!
--Move!
--[AMMO KNIGHT DD] Don't go!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Your Majesty! Answer me!
--[FISHMAN N] Who would do this?
--[MERMAID C] Otohime!
Oh, what a shame!
Well, don't mind me,
nothing suspicious
going on here.
[AMMO KNIGHT E]
Who're you?
No one! [yells]
Stay away from the princess!
[AMMO KNIGHT F]
Hey! Stop!
Please, someone tell
me she's all right!
No! Say something!
No! It can't be!
Dammit! Who would
do such a thing?
We need a doctor!
What's taking so long?
Oh, please! Answer me, Mother!
C'mon! Open your eyes!
Whoever did this...
I'll make them pay!
[gasps]
Yes, I'm here, Mother.
My little angels,
stay by my side.
However you feel,
you must remain calm.
[OTOHIME]
I let my guard down.
I was so excited about
all of the signatures
that I failed to protect them,
and look what happened.
Dear Fukaboshi,
let me suffer this anger.
[AMMO KNIGHT G] Your Majesty,
we're here to operate!
Listen, it doesn't matter
who did this to me.
Don't become angry on my behalf.
I don't want that.
[OTOHIME]
Don't submit to resentment.
Don't let hatred
get the better of you,
in my name or any other.
[BOTH crying]
[FUKABOSHI wailing]
You... you can't die, Mother!
[rumbling]
Shirahoshi, calm yourself.
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI crying]
[wails]
[OTOHIME] If something traumatic
were to happen to her,
she could unwittingly cause
the Sea Kings to go berserk,
and in great numbers.
[screams]
Again?
[SHIRAHOSHI screaming]
Sweetie, no.
[MANBOSHI]
Hey, Shirahoshi! Look!
[BOTH chuckle nervously]
Woo! ♪ Doin' the
moonfish mambo, ♪
♪ mambo, shake it up high,
shake it down low! ♪
♪ Mambo, mambo, dry your tears,
mambo, mambo, never fear! ♪
Look, Shirahoshi!
♪ Doin' the moonfish...
[RYUBOSHI]
I don't know what's going on,
but it sure seems fun,
let's dance along! Yeah!
[RYUBOSHI]
Don't worry!
Your brothers will be here for
you wherever you go-re-mi-fa-so!
The moonfish mambo sure is fun!
Yeah, it sure is fun, huh?
[RYUBOSHI] Do-re-mi-fa,
this is so very fun!
[AMMO KNIGHT G] Now is
not the time for this!
[AMMO KNIGHT I]
They're losing it.
[AMMO KNIGHT H]
Get them out of here, hurry!
Look, Mother, we're happy!
We won't be angry at all,
just like you told us!
And we'll protect
our little sister!
Don't you worry!
Just ask, and we'll
make it so-la-ti-do!
[AMMO KNIGHT L]
Stop struggling!
You need to calm down
and get back to the palace!
I swear to you.
The signatures that burned,
I will collect again.
And just like our father, your
sons will become noble warriors.
[FUKABOSHI]
With all of our strength,
we will protect Shirahoshi
in body and spirit alike.
So please, Mother. Please.
You need not worry about us!
[gasping]
We are almost there--
our new home in
the light of the sun.
[ALL crying]
[NARRATOR]
After Otohime's death
Fishman Island is plunged
into uncertainty yet again.
As hope turns to resentment,
the seeds of Hordy's
rebellion are planted.
And yet, Fukaboshi
refuses to give up.
After completing his tale,
Jimbei begs for forgiveness.
Nami's response surprises
him and her crew alike.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Back to the Present!
Hordy Makes a Move!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!